Update README and CHANGELOG for 202103.00 release (#1571)
aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C: README.md

    * [Sending metrics to AWS IoT](#sending-metrics-to-aws-iot)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Releases](#releases)

>     * [202113.00](#20211300)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [202103.00](#20213300)
```

    * [Sending metrics to AWS IoT](#sending-metrics-to-aws-iot)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Releases](#releases)

>     * [202103.00](#20211300)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [202103.00](#20210300)
```

For the latest release of C-SDK, please see the section for [Releases](#releases).

> **C-SDK includes libraries that are part of the [FreeRTOS 202012.01 LTS](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-LTS/tree/202012.01-LTS) release. Learn more about the FreeRTOS 202012.01 LTS libraries at https://freertos.org/lts-libraries.html.**

Reviewer 2: In my opinion, raw links are unpleasant to look at. Perhaps hyperlink this with a sound display text.

See memory requirements for the latest release [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202103.00/lib-ref/libraries/standard/coreJSON/docs/doxygen/output/html/index.html#json_memory_requirements).

#### corePKCS11

The [corePKCS11](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/corePKCS11) library is an implementation of the PKCS #11 interface (API) that makes it easier to develop applications that rely on cryptographic operations. Only a subset of the [PKCS #11 v2.4](http://docs.oasis-open.org/pkcs11/pkcs11-base/v2.40/os/pkcs11-base-v2.40-os.html) standard has been implemented, with a focus on operations involving asymmetric keys, random number generation, and hashing.

See memory requirements for the latest release [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202103.00/lib-ref/libraries/standard/corePKCS11/docs/doxygen/output/html/pkcs11_design.html#pkcs11_memory_requirements).

#### AWS IoT Device Shadow

> The AWS IoT Device Shadow library enables you to store and retrieve the current state (the "shadow") of every registered device. The device’s shadow is a persistent, virtual representation of your device that you can interact with from AWS IoT Core even if the device is offline. The device state is captured as its "shadow" within a [JSON](https://www.json.org/) document. The device can send commands over MQTT to get, update and delete its latest state as well as receive notifications over MQTT about changes in its state. Each device’s shadow is uniquely identified by the name of the corresponding "thing", a representation of a specific device or logical entity on the AWS Cloud. See [Managing Devices with AWS IoT](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/iot-thing-management.html) for more information on IoT "thing". This library also supports named shadows, a feature of the AWS IoT Device Shadow service that allows you to create multiple shadows for a single IoT device. More details about AWS IoT Device Shadow can be found in [AWS IoT documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/iot-device-shadows.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS IoT Device Shadow library enables you to store and retrieve the current state one or more shadows of every registered device. A device’s shadow is a persistent, virtual representation of your device that you can interact with from AWS IoT Core even if the device is offline. The device state is captured in its "shadow" is represented as a [JSON](https://www.json.org/) document. The device can send commands over MQTT to get, update and delete its latest state as well as receive notifications over MQTT about changes in its state. The device’s shadow(s) are uniquely identified by the name of the corresponding "thing", a representation of a specific device or logical entity on the AWS Cloud. See [Managing Devices with AWS IoT](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/iot-thing-management.html) for more information on IoT "thing". This library also supports named shadows, a feature of the AWS IoT Device Shadow service that allows you to create multiple shadows for a single IoT device. More details about AWS IoT Device Shadow can be found in [AWS IoT documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/iot-device-shadows.html).
```

#### AWS IoT Device Shadow

The AWS IoT Device Shadow library enables you to store and retrieve the current state (the "shadow") of every registered device. The device’s shadow is a persistent, virtual representation of your device that you can interact with from AWS IoT Core even if the device is offline. The device state is captured as its "shadow" within a [JSON](https://www.json.org/) document. The device can send commands over MQTT to get, update and delete its latest state as well as receive notifications over MQTT about changes in its state. Each device’s shadow is uniquely identified by the name of the corresponding "thing", a representation of a specific device or logical entity on the AWS Cloud. See [Managing Devices with AWS IoT](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/iot-thing-management.html) for more information on IoT "thing". More details about AWS IoT Device Shadow can be found in [AWS IoT documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot/latest/developerguide/iot-device-shadows.html).

> The AWS IoT Device Shadow library has no dependencies on additional libraries other than the standard C library. It also doesn’t have any platform dependencies, such as threading or synchronization. It can be used with any MQTT library and any JSON library (see [demos](demos/shadow) with coreMQTT and coreJSON).

Reviewer: Can you also add the note about v1.1.0 support named shadow as is present [here](https://github.com/aws/Device-Shadow-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk#aws-iot-device-shadow-library)

The AWS IoT Device Shadow library has no dependencies on additional libraries other than the standard C library. It also doesn’t have any platform dependencies, such as threading or synchronization. It can be used with any MQTT library and any JSON library (see [demos](demos/shadow) with coreMQTT and coreJSON).

See memory requirements for the latest release [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202103.00/lib-ref/libraries/aws/device-shadow-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/docs/doxygen/output/html/index.html#shadow_memory_requirements).

> **Note**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

All of the released versions of the C-SDK libraries are available as git tags. For example, the last release of the v3 SDK version is available at [tag 3.1.2](https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-embedded-C/tree/v3.1.2).

> ### 202113.00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 202103.00
```

[API documentation of 202113.00 release](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202113.00/lib-ref/index.html)

> This release includes a [major update](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v300-march-2021) to the APIs of the AWS IoT Over-the-air Update library. Additionally, AWS IoT Device Shadow library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Jobs-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v110-march-2021) by adding support for named shadow, a feature of the AWS IoT Device Shadow service that allows you to create multiple shadows for a single IoT device. AWS IoT Jobs library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Device-Shadow-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v110-march-2021) by introducing macros for `$next` job ID and compile-time generation of topic strings. AWS IoT Device Defender library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Device-Defender-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) that adds macros to API for custom metrics feature of AWS IoT Device Defender service. corePKCS11 also introduces a [major update](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/corePKCS11/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v301-february-2021) by removing the `pkcs11configPAL_DESTROY_SUPPORTED` config and mbedTLS platform abstraction layer of `DestroyObject`. Lastly, no code changes are introduced for backoffAlgorithm, coreHTTP, coreMQTT, and coreJSON but patch updates are made to improve documentation and CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes a [major update](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v300-march-2021) to the APIs of the AWS IoT Over-the-air Update library. Additionally, AWS IoT Device Shadow library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Jobs-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v110-march-2021) by adding support for named shadow, a feature of the AWS IoT Device Shadow service that allows you to create multiple shadows for a single IoT device. AWS IoT Jobs library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Device-Shadow-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v110-march-2021) by introducing macros for `$next` job ID and compile-time generation of topic strings. AWS IoT Device Defender library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Device-Defender-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) that adds macros to API for custom metrics feature of AWS IoT Device Defender service. corePKCS11 also introduces a [patch update](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/corePKCS11/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v301-february-2021) by removing the `pkcs11configPAL_DESTROY_SUPPORTED` config and mbedTLS platform abstraction layer of `DestroyObject`. Lastly, no code changes are introduced for backoffAlgorithm, coreHTTP, coreMQTT, and coreJSON but patch updates are made to improve documentation and CI.
```

> This release includes a [major update](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v300-march-2021) to the APIs of the AWS IoT Over-the-air Update library. Additionally, AWS IoT Device Shadow library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Jobs-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v110-march-2021) by adding support for named shadow, a feature of the AWS IoT Device Shadow service that allows you to create multiple shadows for a single IoT device. AWS IoT Jobs library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Device-Shadow-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v110-march-2021) by introducing macros for `$next` job ID and compile-time generation of topic strings. AWS IoT Device Defender library introduces a [minor update](https://github.com/aws/Device-Defender-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md) that adds macros to API for custom metrics feature of AWS IoT Device Defender service. corePKCS11 also introduces a [major update](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/corePKCS11/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v301-february-2021) by removing the `pkcs11configPAL_DESTROY_SUPPORTED` config and mbedTLS platform abstraction layer of `DestroyObject`. Lastly, no code changes are introduced for backoffAlgorithm, coreHTTP, coreMQTT, and coreJSON but patch updates are made to improve documentation and CI.

Reviewer: >This release includes a [major update](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#v300-march-2021) to the APIs of the AWS IoT Over-the-air Update library.

It can be helpful to point to the CHANGELOG of OTA to point to the API changes?

### 202012.01

> [API documentation of 202012.01 release](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202012.01/lib-ref/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[API documentation of 202012.01 release](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/embedded-csdk/202012.00/lib-ref/index.html)
```
